savefig.dpi : 300
path.simplify : True
font.sans-serif : Arial
mathtext.fontset : custom
mathtext.rm : Helvetica
mathtext.it : Helvetica
mathtext.bf : Helvetica:bold
text.usetex : False
font.size : 9
axes.linewidth : 0.5
xtick.major.size : 3
ytick.major.size : 3
xtick.minor.size : 1.5
ytick.minor.size : 1.5
xtick.labelsize : 8
ytick.labelsize : 8
ytick.direction : in
xtick.direction : in
ytick.minor.visible : True
xtick.minor.visible : True
xtick.major.width : 0.25
ytick.major.width : 0.25
xtick.minor.width : 0.25
ytick.minor.width : 0.25
axes.grid : True
grid.alpha : 0.05
grid.color : k
grid.linestyle : -
grid.linewidth : 0.5
legend.frameon : False